[New Product] Heroku Postgres (#8809)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: products/heroku-postgres.md

---
title: Heroku Postgres
addedAt: 2025-10-27
category: service
tags: heroku database
permalink: /heroku-postgres

> alternate_urls:
>   - /heroku-postgresql
>   - /heroku-pg

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Not sure those are really easier to use than `heroku-postgres`. Let's remove them for now.

iconSlug: heroku
versionCommand: heroku pg:info
releasePolicyLink: https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-postgres-version-support
latestColumn: false
eolColumn: Supported

> discontinuedColumn: Provisionable

Reviewer: The discontinued column is only used for hardware products, see https://endoflife.date/contribute. Should we expand it's usage for services such as here @endoflife-date/everyone ? Or maybe just documenting it in the description is enough ?

Reviewer 2: I think we should just use `eoas` and `eol` to document the (Deprecation+3m) and (Deprecation+5m) events. That is what we've followed on aws-lambda-runtimes, which have a similar problem.

---
title: Heroku Postgres
addedAt: 2025-10-27
category: service
tags: heroku database
permalink: /heroku-postgres
alternate_urls:
  - /heroku-postgresql
  - /heroku-pg
iconSlug: heroku
versionCommand: heroku pg:info
releasePolicyLink: https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-postgres-version-support
latestColumn: false
eolColumn: Supported
discontinuedColumn: Provisionable

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

auto:
  methods:
    - release_table: https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-postgres-version-support
      fields:
        releaseCycle: "Version"
        eol: "End-Of-Life Date"

```

Dates in natural language such as those on https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-postgres-version-support can be parsed.

releases:
  - releaseCycle: '17'
    releaseDate: 2025-05-28
    discontinued: false
    eol: false

  - releaseCycle: '16'
    releaseDate: 2024-04-29
    discontinued: false
    eol: false

  - releaseCycle: '15'
    releaseDate: 2023-03-09
    discontinued: false
    eol: false

  - releaseCycle: '14'
    releaseDate: 2022-03-23
    discontinued: 2025-08-28
    eol: 2025-11-28

  - releaseCycle: '13'
    releaseDate: 2021-02-03
    discontinued: 2024-07-29
    eol: 2024-10-29

  - releaseCycle: '12'
    releaseDate: 2020-02-04
    discontinued: 2024-02-29
    eol: 2024-05-30

  - releaseCycle: '11'
    releaseDate: 2019-03-21
    discontinued: 2023-11-10
    eol: 2023-11-10

---

> > [Heroku Postgres](https://www.heroku.com/postgres/) is a managed PostgreSQL database service that delivers the world’s most advanced open source database as a trusted, secure, and scalable service that is optimized for developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [Heroku Postgres](https://www.heroku.com/postgres/) is the Cloud database (DBaaS) service for Heroku based on PostgreSQL.
> Heroku Postgres provides features like continuous protection, rollback, and high availability; also forks, followers, and data clips.
```

Took the description from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heroku, as it is more neutral.

> Heroku Postgres supports each major version of [PostgreSQL](/postgresql) shortly after its release.
> Users can’t update the minor versions themselves - they are updated automatically.
> Heroku Postgres supports a major version for three years.
> Heroku deprecates these versions to ensure no databases run on an unsupported major version of Postgres.
> 
> When Heroku Postgres release a new major version, they deprecate the third major version released before it.
> 
> - On the deprecation date, Heroku notifies customers via email about the deprecation process for their affected databases.
> - Three months after the deprecation date, Heroku prevents provisioning new databases on the deprecated version. Creating forks and followers of existing databases is allowed.
> - Five months after the deprecation date, Heroku schedules forced upgrades for databases that still run a deprecated version.
> 
> The end-of-life date of each version occurs six months after its deprecation date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [PostgreSQL](/postgresql) project releases new major releases on a yearly basis.
Heroku Postgres supports each major release after testing for compatibility with its platform.
Major releases are supported for three years.

When a new major release is out, Heroku deprecates the third major release before it.

- On the deprecation date, Heroku notifies customers via email about the deprecation process for their affected databases.
- Three months after the deprecation date, Heroku prevents provisioning new databases on the deprecated release.
  Creating forks and followers of existing databases is still allowed.
- Five months after the deprecation date, Heroku schedules forced upgrades for databases that still run a deprecated release.
- Six months after the deprecation date, the release becomes end-of-life.

Minor versions are released shortly after they’re available on Postgres.
Users can’t update the minor versions themselves.
If a new minor version is available and the database is on an older minor version, Heroku automatically updates the minor version after each database maintenance.
```

Improved a little bit the description.
